shingo
======

Shingo is a very simple workflow manager that provides a framework on which a LIMS
 or other production system could be built. Out of the box, you can create a skeletal version of the workflow 
 from pre-made components, including a generic task manager UI, a standard API and generic Lambda functions, 
 and a standard table design. To create a custom system, you build discrete code components that provide the 
 necessary enhancements.
 
### Design
The goal is to eliminate as much as possible the programming required to create both
the LIMS engine, and the automation for a specific laboratory process.

#### Clients 
Client stub code is generated by the API Gateway for Javascript (react), IOS, and Android.

##### IOS
An IOS client could communicate directly with the API server, avoiding the need for a Web server and more distributed
computing.  

#### JSON API
The API Gateway handles authentication using Cognito user pools. It forwards requests to the Lambda functions.
 
#### Lambdas



#### Step Functions
The Step Function UI can be used to layout the workflow
 
#### Task Queues



#### Database
The database is a hybrid relational store built on PostgreSQL. A standard design is used for the main workflow tables:
* Workflow
* Execution
* Task
* TaskExecution

Storage of task-specific data is done using the JsonB data type. Each piece of task-specific data must have an identifier,
as well as a json blob of the contents. If custom storage is needed, an optional storage plugin can be added to convert
the received blob into a more traditional table & column design.  

#### Data Pipeline
Data Pipeline extracts data from the production datastore, transforms it, and updates the data warehouse.

#### Redshift 
Redshift is used as a data warehouse supporting SQL access, and/or QuickSite or Tableau access. 

#### Quick Site


## Functions
* Definition of Lab Workflows
    * Including name, version, task definitions, and routing
* Creation of executions for a given workflow. 
* Creation of work queues for each step in the process
* Lambdas that access the queues to download tasks
* Lambdas that hand task completion events
* Management of generic execution events including: 
    * task timeouts
    * task failures
    * execution timeouts
    * execution failures
    * execution cancellation
    * execution expediting 
    * task 'returns' (without completion) 

## 

## Operation as a LIMS engine
Design the workflow using pen and paper, or a drawing tool. When the design is clear, you can create it as an automated process.


1. Users are entered in Cognito pools
2. Queues are created for each step in the operation
3. A Lambda is created to handle the results of each step at its conclusion
4. A User interface is created for each step
 
## Requirements

